# Qt-Tool

Welcome to Qt-Tool.

This application is built using the cmd2 module primarily and it is a command line BASH like interpreter.

This command line interface program was designed for programmers who rely heavily on using
PyQt5 and generated python code from the PyQt designer.

This application is geared towards simplicity trying to make generating such applications
as swift and easy as possible.

In this app, you specify an input file (a .py file generated by PyQt) and an output file of your
choosing. You have the option to generate actions, buttons, imports or all. What that means specifically
for buttons or actions is that the app will scan the input folder to find all variables of type QPushButton
or QAction and will generate a .triggered/.clicked statement and then at the end of the file will generate
functions for the respective buttons/actions. It is very bare-bones but quite useful as it is more or less
creating a layout that you will use.

You do not have to worry about useless generated code because
 1. the code is generated with comments
and 
2. the code is minimal

You will be able to generate the basic structure of the application but as for the algorithms
of your commands, you must do the coding yourself in the Python file that will be generated with
code by this application.

You also have the ability to save your information in a JSON file and load information from that
file later on if you need it.

You are able to use ? symbol before any command to learn more about that command, its arguments,
and what it does. You may also use that symbol in the beginning to see the list of commands
available to you inside this application.

Command completion is also a feature made possible by the cmd2 module along with many other features
such as use of aliases and abilities to run scripts with the commands of this CLI. It is worth noting
that using cmd2 also makes the application stable for any explicitly uncaught errors are caught by the
module itself.